Add a FAQ about the ocm-backplane binary (#412)
openshift/backplane-cli: docs/FAQ.md

# Frequently Asked Questions

> ## Why the binary name is ocm-backplane ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why is the binary named ocm-backplane?
```

With the name `ocm-*`, the binary can act as an [OCM plugin](https://github.com/openshift-online/ocm-cli/blob/119e9d2e8af0ddf5db4b0888b5ceadb300768885/README.md#extend-ocm-with-plugins).

The logic behind OCM plugin:
- The user runs `ocm backplane`.
- `ocm` doesn't have the `backplane` subcommand.

> - `ocm` lookup the PATH and find the `ocm-backplane` binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ocm` looks up the `$PATH` and finds the `ocm-backplane` executable binary.
```

- `ocm` calls the `ocm-backplane` binary.

## Does ocm-backplane depend on a specific OCM binary version?

> No. The `ocm-backplane` is an independent binary. It is fully functional without the `ocm` binary. The interaction with OCM api will be handled by ocm-sdk, which is defined in the go.mod of ocm-backplane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ocm-backplane` is not a standalone binary. It is functional even without the `ocm` binaries. The interaction with OCM API will be handled by OCM SDK, which is defined as a dependency of the project.
```

Author: Thanks @supreeth7 !   Did you mean `not a standalone` or `a standalone`?

Reviewer: Right, my bad, ~not~
